Hello and welcome to another video brought
to you by AllFreeJewelryMaking.com and KeepsakeCrafts.net.
Today we're going to make these simple pearl
wire wrapped earrings.
So to make these great kind of funky, fun
earrings you will need two ear wires, some
craft wire.
This is 22 gauge wire and I love this pack.
You can get it in all different colors.
I'm going to use the silver, but you could
have a lot of fun and choose different colors.
And then also you will need some top drilled
beads.
These pearls have the holes, they're not centered,
they're at the top and that's what we need
in order to make this design.
So I just pulled out a few and I'm going to
try to find a couple that will work together
and sort of match, but I'm not real worried
about it.
The first thing we want to do is pull out
a length of wire, about 8" long.
Let me grab my ruler here.
It may be a little bit more than you need,
but it's better to cut a longer piece and
throw a little bit away than it is to run
short.
That's just really aggravating.
So you take your pearl and you slide in your
wire and leave about 1/2" sticking out the
other end and then bend both ends of the wire
up like that and then the one thing I like
about this 22 gauge wire is I can manipulate
it with my fingers.
So I'm going to bend it so it makes sort of
a triangle above the pearl and if you need
to, get in there with your tools.
So it should look something like this.
This isn't going to show so you don't have
to be too worried about that.
Now this shorter one, we're going to cut off
so there's only about 1/8" above that bend,
just like that.
Next go ahead and grab those two wires right
at that bend with your chain nose pliers and
then bend the remaining long wire at a 90
degree angle.
Go ahead and grab that with your round nose
pliers and then start making a wrapped loop.
Start your loop, reposition, use your pliers,
finish your loop and you can just keep holding
onto this with your round nose pliers as you
start wrapping all the way down, down past
the hole in your bead and you can be very
careful and make nice neat loop wraps, but
I'm gonna actually go on purpose with kind
of messy wraps just like that.
And then just tuck that end in.
You might need to use your chain nose pliers
just to get that end tucked in and there you
have it.
If you need to use your round nose pliers
to straighten our your loop.
Flatten it a little bit and there you have
it, a wrapped pearl.
Here's another one I made earlier.
I probably could have wrapped that a little
further down the hole and then all you need
to do to make yourself a great pair of earrings
is open your ear wire, slide on that loop
you just made, close it up and there you go.
Now how fun was that and how quick was that.
So I hope you give this project a try.
Thanks for watching KeepsakeCraft videos.
Make sure that you check out our YouTube channel
and check out KeepsakeCrafts.net for more
crafting and jewelry ideas and inspiration.
Bye bye.